[Music]
t
k t
[Music]
k
d
[Music] [Music] [Music
]
ah
[Music]
H
Oh
[Music] [Music] [Music
]
ch [Music] [Music
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
k [Music]
Oh
Where so
[Music]
[Applause] [Music]
handsome [Music] [Music
]
and
[Music]
Good night family How are we How are we doing How are we
family How
little it is because I have put little Ah of
course It's been 6 minutes That's
because I have put little music of course
are you used to half an hour of
music Of course of course
eh I'm going to have to go again I'm going to
go for a walk with the dog I'm
going to leave you with music and and then  I come
Well today I am today I
am sad today I am sad
sad Today is my birthday I
would love for you to congratulate me it's expensive
begging Congratulations Fran López
no need to beg I
congratulate you King Don't worry I'm
sad because the video of the debate the
extract of the debate that we did of
Dallas with the tomy was great the truth was it was
in vain very
[Music]
and in the 880,000 visits I
had an
age restriction when they put an age restriction on you
apart from the fact that you no longer charge for that
video
mm it is not shared they kill the video I
mean It only appears to people
who are
logged in ffe total
man the problem is that they put a
restriction on you when they feel like it
man I mean suddenly There are
very serious things and people organize
to report a video and nothing happens to them
and suddenly a video that
maybe has a couple of things maybe
a couple of insults or whatever no
because in the end what it has is that No
that video no it does not come to me  to the head
another thing so
strong
as to take down a video not today is Ah
but the videos of rappers for that S
charge of course
brendy and the worst thing is that it's like very
automatic because then you send the
appeal you send the appeal and after 30
seconds he responds telling you we have
reviewed it very well and your video does not comply
with the rules does not review it nisu does not
review it n su I mean when I get
an age restriction I say F video
video [ __ ] dude video
[ __ ] video [ __ ] dude with 80,000
views dude come on I haven't deleted it there it
stays with the age restriction what I
think I'm going to do is
upload it again in the secondary here in the
canijo I'm going to tell luares to
upload it again here in the
canijo to upload it again here in the
canijo But look at the nonsense if it is that
the same video It is uploaded on other
channels There are a lot of junk in another one
in 800 channels Dallas has also
uploaded it eh I have it uploaded in the
original live too  here in the canijo or rather
look at you the the nonsense that that must have
been that that is that I don't know what it's
based on is that I don't know what it's based on
because it's not for a report because I've already
seen many look at you how many times they've
organized to report my
video from the forum talking from a
group I don't know what from a group I don't know how much
to report my video and that's useless That's that
on YouTube The
only the only reports that come in
are the
copyright ones anyway But anyway Eh I tell
places I don't know if you're watching me places I do
n't know if you're around here that I upload it Lu If you
want v uploading it and put it on
premiere when I
leave you're around there
luare salar around here not yet Now
when he comes we
tell him well F total dude wow with vast
with a video go me there powerful dude so
that pum so that
pum so that he leaves dude okay he
heard me Lu is uploading it change
the mini or rather not the mini the thumbnail
for the same one but tell Tell aiden
to put the green frame on it  Tell Aiden to
put the green frame on the same
thumbnail that we
had,
anyway, like with the news about the reporter
that totally struck you Edgar The
same Exactly the
same That was a strike due to
community standards It hasn't struck me
yet It hasn't expired yet and the
video is uploaded all over the internet and all over
YouTube Come on, it's not that it's uploaded on the
internet But well on YouTube no no no
no on YouTube the video is uploaded by
all the media outlets
how angry man how angry
these things make me man But
well what's going on with Argos Javi Well let
's let's see it let's see the
news from Argos let's see this when
Dallas won the trial in which
the ex-girlfriend and the family were sentenced okay
well to put it in context in
case there's someone who is coming and doesn't
know what's going on eh Dallas eh
after breaking up with his ex
his ex eh reported him for
gender violence it turned out it's no good it turned out Well she
reported him for a lot of things okay she
reported him I think almost once a
year sometimes it was the  same complaint
that she tried to eh appeal and other
times lawsuits and well a little bit of everything
no lately it seems that they are more
Ah no no no I was not going to tell you lately
they are calmer no no no they told me
that Dallas's mother that Dallas's ex mother-in-law
is
with Joan Planas on Twitter
they told me I don't know if it's true or not I haven't
looked at it
eh I don't know if they are calmer or not
really but it is true that at
least they make less less scandals No
but in their day they made a lot of
scandals against dall they talked
to a lot of people and they made like a lot
made like a lot of moves against
d and Well really this that this that
has come out now that is a video of the
family's lawyer Well it is not it is not the
family's lawyer because in that
procedure it is not known it is not known
why for some reason their strategies and
their things
would have the father went with one lawyer and the
mother and the daughter went with another I do not know
why she is the lawyer
of the animal lawyer not the lawyer
specialized in issues related to
animals uh
all the  respect when we watch the
video okay Don't disrespect the
lawyer who in the end is doing her
job she's doing her job okay
[Music]
eh Well they had a rif and rafe
with the dog not almost everyone
knows that if not then you can search there are 1000
videos both on my channel and on the
Dallas Channel as well as on all the
gossip channels on the subject no
basically Well the girl didn't feel like
returning the dog to
Dallas eh first Dallas sued her in a
civil suit
the trial was lost Well I think they
only sentenced her to return the
dog no I don't know if to cochas or something like that
too eh but basically she didn't feel like
abiding by the sentence
HM ignored the sentence she didn't comply with it and
after years she catches
the family with the dog on the street
okay a hell of a mess starts up
and the family well says that dog
Exactly the same and identical well no it's not
long it's not Dallas' dog it's a
dog named Marlos okay  In fact there
is a very famous click on YouTube that
surely if I put it is called Marlon it does
not appear no
s there was a huge mess this has
been history on the internet I mean this has
really been history on the
internet it was This was a
beastly episode Look the police
fix it you do not get involved in this do not get
involved in
this the
and the lady says that the dog is
called Marlos that it is not arg that it is another one
that has a more or less similar name
and exactly the same spots but
that it is not Dallas' dog okay the
move is that in the end Well in the trial they
were convicted criminally okay
here we are no longer talking about a
nonsense of insults or anything civil
or anything like that here we are
talking about a criminal issue
eh I do not know the sentence by heart
but if I'm not mistaken it was 6 months in
prison for Maria 6 months in prison
for the mother and I think that for the father it
was like a year and a
half I do not want to say something that
is not okay but it was misappropriation
because they kept something that they should have
returned and I think that the issue of
the other crimes were involved no  I
mean, one thing that's not okay,
but they were involved in
changing the chip, not the dog's, that is,
changing the dog's chip number,
and I imagine some
disobedience for not having paid attention to
the sentence, having lied. I don't know, that's where
the deal goes, I don't remember from
memory, okay,
but in that sentence, apart from all that
prison time that came out in the
sentence, there were also like some
fines, eh, and returning the dog, okay, I think, I do
n't know if things too. I think there were
n't any costs, I think there weren't any costs. I don't think it was
like some fines, some fines that
maybe amounted to, I don't know, I don't remember if
we did the math, but between
the three of them it was 2,000, 3,000. I don't know, I don't
remember, okay, the deal is that they
appealed because what they want
is to not return the dog to Dallas,
the parents have the dog, okay, the dog, I don't know, I don't
know why they don't return it to
its owner. But the deal is that they
appealed, they're going to try to
drag it out, drag it out, drag it out as
long as possible so as not to  hand it over,
in fact, I think that even if
the sentence is final, they will
not return it. They have already said on
several occasions that they will not return the dog
in any way. Okay,
that would already be a big deal, eh, I
mean, judicially speaking, it would be a mess
that they would get into, but well,
each one is up to them, not to the point where they go. The
question is
that Dallas already said this in a live broadcast.
He said it in a live broadcast. We were
here reacting to it. We were
commenting on it. Dallas' lawyer, eh, who
in this case is the same as mine, eh, what he
did was ask for something that can be
done on some occasions with this type
of sentences of misappropriation,
which was to request a provisional execution of the
sentence. An execution of
the sentence is that what they ask of you is fulfilled.
Okay, if in the sentence they ask you,
eh, a fine of 7,000, read the ruling and
take a walk around Chipiona. Well,
when you do those three things, you have
executed the sentence. No, then the
sentence is executed when they are final.
In this case, as it is a
misappropriation, therefore, we are talking about
that  These people have something that doesn't
belong to them And it's from Dallas And Dallas
wants to get it back So they're trying to do a
provisional execution Okay, they should
return the dog and all that nonsense, they have
n't accepted it Okay, the prosecutor's office and I do
n't know if it's the same judge in the case or if there are
other judges who are handling
the case once it's been appealed, they
consider that since it's an animal, then if
the sentence is not final they can't
return the animal yet Why Well,
because it's an animal, I mean, if it were maybe
an object, okay, imagine a car,
then the sentence is executed and then if
for whatever reason in the appeal
the sentence is overturned and suddenly it
turns out that the others are not
convicted and they don't have to return anything,
then they have to return that car and they would
pay and pay Maybe like some it
is or something like that to compensate for
that time while it has been
appealed No, but of course in the case of a
living being, well, no Why Because Hey,
because although those of us who know the case
and although the sentence is super well
tied
eh it's quite unlikely that when the
sentence is affirmed the result will be
different But  Hey, with justice, you never
know, okay.
Eh, of course, you can't just take a
dog and take it here and then
there, anyway. I wish they had
also taken into account
that it's a
living being. I wish they had also taken
into account from the beginning that it's a
living being to speed up the
procedures and not take 8 years,
okay, because we're talking about
these people, the dog, I think it was
born in 2015, they already cut it off and all that
nonsense. Well, I think the
civil suit might be filed in 2016 and it
ends up being resolved in the 18th,
okay, at the beginning of the 19th, in January the
criminal complaint is filed, which is the
issue of them catching him on the street with the
dog. Hey, these people have the dog
and they should have served the sentence,
eh, we're talking about [ __ ] around, we're
talking about five
years and there are still resources left, I don't know
how many, I don't know how many resources, the
truth is, I don't know in the criminal matter in this
type of case.  How many resources are there
I imagine that when this was played I do
n't know the truth I don't know I don't want to
mess up with something that isn't but I
imagine that I imagine that only one but I do
n't know the truth I imagine that only
one but come on the truth is that it's a
shame that they are prolonging prolonging
prolonging the procedure and that they are
not going to give it to the
dog Well family after all the
crying of the day I am super excited
that I just received a resolution
tearful of the day or rather has cried for
this resolution let's see
eh tearful of the
day I don't see that the situation is right to
cry with emotion But well
eh of a penalty well in which there is an
animal involved in which there is a
wonderful family involved and in
which well they have been acting with very bad
faith for a long time so only they
are acting with bad faith I mean let's
see
man are you saying that the dog is a
twin brother of the other one that was born from the
same litter and that suddenly appeared
in badajo and from badajo magically they
decided to send him to Barcelona to  that
a family that had already lost
another recently adopt him Exactly the same and it
turns out that the one who is
reporting after trying to ask for it in a
good way without trials, the one who is
reporting to claim what is his is
acting in bad faith, we have only won
a battle, we are aware that the
war can be won, it can be lost, we have
only won a battle, it has
nothing to do with it, let's be really clear. He
is selling this to you
as a victory, in fact, I think he
used the word "Victory" on several
occasions last night when I saw the cli
I found out about this from in kowski okay I'm going to
give him credit because I found out about
it okay in kowski
and I think he uses the word "victory"
in fact on several occasions Uh This does not
affect the appeal does not affect no no does not
affect the next result I mean it
has nothing to
do with it but it's that if they had to
give him the dog in the meantime Dalas, I mean
If they had accepted the
provisional execution it would not affect the appeal either, it
could still be, I mean the result is going to be the
same, this does not change
absolutely anything in the procedure,
the only thing that this changes is the
procedure and I think
Luar is talking to me with a link this means
that  Katy Angel just uploaded the video
So nothing more than we see nothing more
than we see this young lady we see the
video of Katy Angel okay I mean
this is not a step further it's not come on
Come on we've already won this part let's
go for the other one no no it's that this doesn't
affect this Simply the trial has already taken place the trial has
already taken place okay the trial was
and it was also spectacular okay the trial has
already taken place and once the trial has passed
there is a criminal conviction and there are
some resources each one has the
right to exhaust all avenues If you
consider that it can turn out better for you with
the resources that you have it can
turn out worse for you too but well
eh they are within their rights but the resource
is based on what is being
argued or in other words the resource is based on
what is being argued the resource
is not
Eh This that they have
treated the animal like an
animal and not like a thing does not change I
mean it does not change the result that can
be in that resource it has
nothing to do with it it will not even be taken into
account I think eh I mean because the other thing has already
had its course and it is  your resource is that
apart from that it doesn't change anything
the sentence is not executed Why by the
logic that it is not final So as
much as we think that it is black and white
that it cannot change I don't know what
ah we cannot find out the future
the sentence is not final you
cannot give an animal until it is finalized
wonderfully involved and in which
well they have been acting in very bad faith
for a long time so we have only
won a battle we are
aware that the war can be
won it can be lost but as a battle it
must be celebrated not only for my
clients and for the animal involved
but because it is a resolution that in the
end eh well I really like how you have
explained the issue of the animal so well
without giving you too much information I do
want to share that it is being requested that
an animal be delivered to a
person
okay part to part B part A says
this animal is mine part B says it is not
mine no Let's see no
eh part A says this animal is mine and
part B says no no this animal is mine
Let's see no part A and part B
were arguing over the ownership of the
animal in the civil matter what is being
discussing what is being discussed
Is that the party that is reporting
says the animal that you have there is my
dog ​​okay And they are saying no that it
is a dog Exactly the same but
that it is not I mean no it is not being said if it is
mine yes yes it is not mine I
mean the party a is saying that it is
theirs and the other says that it is theirs and we are going
to see who it is we are going to decide
who it is not whose she decided in
the civil okay here the issue is
a
sentence is being disobeyed Gabriel always with his five
daily members King Thank you very
much handsome Hey I have to review the
members eh that the gentlemen have made
a good meltdown and they have reached
3000 okay here we have it very far from the
3000 But I hope that one day we will reach
3000 so that I can go there to the lordship and
tell him Hey that We have reached 3000
in the youth look at the youth
we are going to peace they are not far behind
here what there is is an issue of  that
a sentence that
a dog is changed is not obeyed then the
sentence says that it belongs to A Okay and B
appeals that sentence saying well
as much as this court has thought
that yes the evidence says that it is yours I
still maintain that I have evidence that
uh They acquit me of these
accusations and that the animal can be
proven to be mine therefore I am going to
file an appeal in the hearing and the
hearing will resolve if you think that this
first court is right and it is yours or if I am right
I was wrong in
assessing the evidence and finally it is mine they
even made a mistake in everything then the
sentence is
final then uh when you see that B
appeals saying Well I am going to ask for what is
called a provisional execution which
means I am going to ask that while it is
deliberated whether I finally win or lose if it is
really considered mine or is considered
B's that if it is
considered mine it is considered
B's
this lady So ​​she is
implicitly recognizing that it is the same
animal that interpretation was also given to me
today but I do not see it
that way of course is it true Lady is it true of course is it true is it
true she is telling you Clear What  it happens that
since she doesn't say names No, well I
understand that over there, let's see
anyway Let's see, I don't think it's necessary for
this lady to come and tell me if it's the
same dog or not
No, a kiss,
fogo, let's see, lawyers defend their
clients, eh, understand that and understand the
profession,
okay, but of course she's saying that it's the
same animal and that one says yes Let's see,
wait Let's listen to it what's
called a provisional execution what does it
mean, I'm going to Javi I loved the
debate teamos less than three kiss fibi,
gorgeous Thank you very much I'm glad
that while we deliberate whether I finally
win or lose if it's really considered
mine or if it's considered B's Of course she's
saying if it's really considered mine or
if it's considered
B's Of course she's not saying, of course, she
's not saying what it is, I mean, what she
would have to say in the case of defending
her clients is let's see if it's
considered that this dog is the one
that escaped or
not, of
course, is it true, is it
true, is it true? Yes Now we'll see
Katy's video, is it true, yes, yes. Hey, well, you're
right, someone told me this afternoon
when I saw the video, they told me  it's late
a person and it's true no and I
was telling him no I don't understand it like that
but yes yes of course it's true Now that you
say it yes with the video in front of you yes he is
telling you that the dog let's see if it is
considered to be one's or
another's from party B that they give it to me by the way that they
give it to me no this comes from the
law eh civil of the consideration of
things If you have a car the
sentence says that the car is mine and you
appeal at least while the
appeal lasts as there is already a first
sentence that says that the car is mine
I am going to ask that
the sentence be provisionally executed and that you
have to give it to me Why Because
in the meantime I enjoy it because it is
Well today they have said that it is mine
and although it is yet to be final and
the final verdict may change when it
goes through the hearing But at least for
now as it is believed that it could be mine
I enjoy it and if not then I
will return it to you And if necessary
I will pay you damages for the
time that I have had you without a car Well
here are some concepts  caution and
other legal matters that I'm not going to go into
Okay but so you understand I
think I've explained it so it can be
understood but of course it's a car the car
can be upright and downright no
and then in any case I can pay you
money if in the end I have lost in the end
I lost and it turns out that I had it
without having the right to have that car no
but of course when we're talking about an animal we've been
fighting for many years so that
when we talk about an animal these things
don't work like that because an animal
can't be upright and downright
because an animal can have
health problems a kiss
bad
health an animal has a certain age it can be
a baby it can be middle aged it
can be an anano
but because it ran towards him now the
lie that it's marlos nobody stops it the
whole trial I don't know if you
remember but of all the trials the fact that
the dog recognized Dallas is the
least of it I mean it's as if it
hadn't recognized it if it hadn't
recognized it that's the least of it I mean if it
hadn't recognized it it's normal after
so much time you understand but that
was the least of it I mean the discussion between the
confrontation between  the two experts anyway There are
a lot of things
and I don't see that this is going to change, I
mean, I don't know, I can't predict the future,
you already get surprises a lot, right,
but another time it's also going to be chaos
for that animal and because it has
finally been understood, even legally,
that it was time that the animal has a
well-being that must be guaranteed. Okay, and
that well-being also includes being
with its family, with its family, not the one that
a judge considers it to be, but the one that the
animal itself considers it to be. So
when an animal has been
with me for example for 10 years, for that animal I
am its family. Although maybe I, that
animal didn't have the right to have it, but
Ah okay, even if I didn't have the right to
have it for the animal, let's be
clear, let's be fite, eh No, let's see, because
the only reason why this makes sense that they
reject the execution of the
provisional sentence is eh Because
because eh Let's see because it is not final, it is being
appealed and
Hey, we don't know what the possibility is of
the sentence coming back and and
maybe the appeal being upheld, I know, okay, it
's very unlikely, but well,
we can't  guess the future But
the the the thing is not that it takes 10 years
and for the dog to be his family and so on The
thing is not that is it is that by that
logic then of course well not like
how I have taken the dog and I have
never returned it to him Well of course the dog
spends more time with me then the
dog is mine the dog considers that I am
his family Because since he was a puppy I have
taken it from the other you
understand but this video cannot
harm her in the future I imagine
not because once the
appeal has been presented Eh Well, let it be kept well This
video but it is not either Lady it is that it does not
matter anyway it does not matter if it is that in
any case with everything
that is inside the eh with everything that
is inside the trial and all the
evidence and everything it is that this
video does not matter if it is that it is the least of
it in the end I imagine that it will be
a How do you say the subconscious no the
subconscious has made him say it like that
but it is that it does not matter he has already presented
the resources what is left is to wait for
the result of the appeal Now yes
Suddenly  Imagine that suddenly a video comes out
of the other party saying well
this dog is mine I'm not giving it to you it wouldn't
matter you can't Add it anymore you can't
Add it anymore Nothing new you understand
that already had its procedural moment and you
can't Add it anymore you understand or rather it doesn't
matter what I say here as if the
lawyer takes it and says we're
trying to keep that dog it does
n't matter it doesn't matter what she said it's useless it can't be
handed over anything new I've had
him for 10 years and to him I am his
family no then in that way well
because I don't know if you're interested but I'm
very excited Well then the
defense which is us and the public
prosecutor's office have opposed it
eh Because well the sentence is still
pending appeal and it is an animal
that is considered to be given for
sensitivity according to the provisions
here the animal must be prevented from being
separated from those who have been its
caretakers for the last almost 10 years
eh as long as it is not
definitively resolved as to who is
the person who has the right not to be the
owner of this animal by
final sentence which is what we still do not have
by  therefore the well-being of the
animal advises not to establish changes in
its current situation changes that might
not be definitive and that could
generate unnecessary suffering to
said animal that would be
abruptly separated from those who have been its
caregivers therefore the eventual damage
This is important to me, the eventual
damage that could be caused to the animal
by the change of environment in case
the sentence
dictated in the first instance is finally revoked, it could not
be amended or compensated because
as I was saying if it is a car I give you
money equivalent to the months
that I have had you without cars and finally
they rule that it is yours but of course it is an
animal and the damage that we will do to the
animal that no matter how much money I gave
you the animal has still
suffered and it cannot be I love that you
are super happy with this resolution
you know Yes we saw the video of sou today
but if she appealed it was not going to be worse
fibi in my opinion that I am not a lawyer
nor am I a judge as the sentence was written
and everything that tied the
sentence in my
opinion it could turn out worse but we
cannot predict the future Hey  You know what I'm
saying, we've had many surprises
with lawsuits, you know what I mean?
So no, it's not like a guarantee. I
mean, it's not if there is an appeal, this happens to you, you don't
know, you understand, it's a
risk, it's a risk, it's a risk. When here it was as
simple as returning the dog, paying
the fine, and waiting for it to
expire, without further ado, you know what I mean? So it
's a risk, it's a risk, the truth is,
compensating for that damage. Therefore,
we are not dealing with the delivery of a thing, but rather with the delivery
of an animal that, in the words of
article 333 bis of the civil code, eh, is
a living being endowed with sensitivity,
so that all decisions that
affect the animal must ensure its
well-being according to the characteristics
of each species, and therefore they have ruled in our favor,
and eh, for now, B does not have to
give the animal to A, even though in the
first instance it was considered that it
could really be A's because, as B is
clear that it really is B's, he
has appealed and, apart from the
victory that this means for me,
I repeat that it's just a battle, I
mean, in the end, sometimes we win battles and
lose wars, I mean, neither no no  we're
going to celebrate something that doesn't
change anything, I mean, we won a battle, let's
see the war, but if it's
not just another episode, I mean, it's not something
that adds up or that matters, it's that they're selling it to you
as, Well, we've already won
this part, now let's go for the other one, do you
understand? Like, imagine that you're
suing a group of youtubers and you
sue one and the other and you say, Well, you
've already won this one, now I'm going
to put it on the other one now, I mean, it doesn't
change anything. I mean, it's not like a step
or, for example, that they say I've already won the first
instance, let's see if I
win the second one too, that it doesn't change
anything, that it doesn't change anything, absolutely
nothing. It doesn't change anything in the appeal, eh. Eh.
This is that if they granted it in the
meantime and giving it to them now, at least
the dog is worth it. Even if the sentence is not
final, they won't give it to them. Well, we have to
wait for it to be final. Okay, but it doesn't
change the result. If the result is
for them to win, it is for them to win and they are going
to win, the same. If it is for them to lose, they
are going to lose, the same as yet.  we have to have
a final judgment that is
not favorable but we do have this battle
and I also think that this is a
battle, yes, we have a battle
that not only affects my part but it
is important and it is useful for
any situation in which we find ourselves
with something like this again, it
is not the first time that this happens
but it is starting to materialize
in a more constant way and we have to
ask for it less, to put it nicely
because the courts begin, tribunals.
Even in this case, well, a
hearing and so on, uh, they begin to have a
much clearer idea that, well,
this animal matters, that its dignity
and its well-being matter and that and that
decisions cannot be made that are perhaps
good for human beings, for one,
good for the other, bad. But well, between
them they will kill each other, no, but that they can
affect the animal and that seems
super important to me and that is why I wanted to
share it because, well, anyway, I'm glad
that it worked out for him, I'm glad, no, uh,
Sorry, it seems normal to me that he is happy
uh that this little thing worked out for him. But
well, I don't see any
sense in it, I don't see any logic in it.  I mean, I don't
see it. Yeah, well, let's see, of course, for
them the joy is that it seems that it will
take them longer to have it. No, jav.
Kat's video is a bomb. Let's go
there, for them it's what they
wanted, so we'll put it
off. Then we'll see. It's a
premiere.
Ah. It's a
premiere. It's a premiere. You. Well, nothing. We're going to
see it almost at the premiere. Let's go to the
beginning. Very good, okay. That's it. We'll
have to wait for the
final sentence and that's it. They're not
fooling themselves about getting away with it. Even though they
are criminally convicted and
years will pass, years will pass and they will have to
give it in the last years. Anyway,
let's see what
Katy does. Let's see what Katy does. It's a
premiere, okay. So I don't know how long
the video will last. I'm also telling you that if it lasts 3
hours, I'm not going to watch the whole thing. Okay,
we're clear about that. No, if it lasts 3 hours, I'm not
going to watch the whole thing. My last message
about this
nightmare is paying for the house and paying the first
bang. First bang, right at the start. eh,
the move is important,
eh, first bang.  just
starting look at my camera
my recording equipment respect respect because I'm
worth too much to you you want to
know why I was so upset
indignant
frustrated Well here we go the great
manager
talent developer left us number one a
huge debt with the
[Music]
aes his 2022 tax return has not been processed
okay I wonder I don't know if there's
someone watching me who is from
Miami the declaration of all these
things or rather all the income you have to
do the youtuber Pum because I
have no [ __ ] idea the
income tax return is handled by the managers
pum once
once a friend of mine I'm not going to say who it is
obviously it's very personal but he made a
mistake with the gesture that he didn't file I
don't remember what it was and they charged him
a
fine of a thousand bucks eh
careful number two he got us into debt with the
sba for
[Music]
93000 number three the house is in foreclosure
about to be seized for accumulating
months without payment
number four credit cards my
name asked for them and he left them  of
paying forged checks using my signature forging
my
signature forged checks forging his
signature association of the house you paid it
since
2022 you know that productions our
company where we had our Editors
who worked on my videos for
years where I invested a lot of money
hundreds of thousands of and almost with the money
the guy dollars Guess my
name is not there is his mother's name and his
[Music]
cousin acts worse than the rose of
Guadalupe a kiss
fibi the society is the parents' name
left me
a and all this I discovered it when he left
and I finally had control of my
finances I put myself in the skin host
host if that's true it's heavy eh
If that's true heavy eh of her if
for example to me my partner my I know who
was super unfaithful to me did a
lot of [ __ ] to me I would have to do something very very very very very
serious very very very very
serious serious serious serious serious a
serious plan violence not only
physical or psychological
financial violence also falls under
domestic violence and is super serious
causes millions of
suicides HM Let's see I don't know how it will be in
another country but here there is  economic issues
that could be gender violence
but they also include issues of support and
things like that, these types of things would
obviously go in another direction. It would be very
serious but oh well, eh. In any case, you call
the police or you call your lawyer, you call
the police, you call your lawyer
and you file some good complaints, that's why you
don't call the police and you make up
an assault, you are worldwide, I
mean, the assault continues to be
made up every day, this man,
after being on a trip for a month and counting the pum
please And counting the pum finally, month of
travel and us not having any kind of
communication, he suddenly entered my house
without warning, without my
consent, breaking into my
intimacy and my privacy and also with
a camera on, recording me the whole
time without my consent, which is
very intimidating. How do you dare to enter and
record a house that you
no longer live in, for more than a month now, and
I had not spoken for more than a month,
like two months without speaking, if you are as
respectful and as correct as you say,
why does your lawyer recommend you enter without
warning, without  tell anyone in secret to
a house that she no longer lives in for
a month Oh and yes call the police call
the police because every woman who
feels threatened has every right
to call the authorities to
protect her physical integrity
before a violent act occurs we are not
going to wait for a punch a kick
a slap to call the
authorities Oh yes And more so with a man
who has been violent with me on other
occasions it is a mistake to think that
women have to Oh okay he has been
violent on other occasions that you have not
seen wait for an act of
violence to occur like a hit a slap a
black eye to call the police
how would you have acted before a
man who enters your house Without
warning without Avis with a camera on
after having done all this to you and more how would you have
acted with fear nervousness anger
annoyance screaming hiding Guess
which is the correct answer
all are valid but she was also
looking for a fight she was looking for
confrontation I mean she did not act like
a person who is afraid like an
angry person like a
pissed off person Yes but she did not act like
a person who is afraid all
reactions are valid when faced with someone
who makes you feel threatened
intimidated this person wanted everything
except to avoid trouble too much he's going to
record a 3 hour video holding the
camera with his
arm because he's going to flex his bicep
that I don't see eh time knowing you what
he wanted was to intimidate with his unauthorized presence
if you are as
respectful and correct as you say why does
your lawyer recommend you
secretly enter a house where you no longer
live and record evading any
protocol to avoid a conflict I'm
tired I'm tired of being afraid women
who are watching me can't be
afraid Call the police because they
threaten to discredit you and
expose you to public ridicule Don't
let yourself be trampled on you all can do it
in any situation that you
feel
intimidated but for this everything is
cut down to I don't know what you're referring to it's
a reprehensible attitude on the contrary it's
an act of self love And I clarify that that
day when the police came I told them
that he hadn't touched me no  at this
moment it hasn't
touched me well at this moment it hasn't
touched me of course you have no choice if they
are seeing you in person and you don't have
any marks but but when he
called on the phone he tells her that he
tried to hit him with the door in his
nose the house
in which there were no weapons involved but
that I felt intimidated by him
because on other occasions in the
past he had been aggressive with me that's why
when the authorities enter
the house the first thing I say is my
ex-husband is an aggressive man because he is It's
the truth I don't authorize this
recording So I don't know what you're going to do
with it minute 19 I clearly said
no I authorize this recording and this
person continued recording even having
heard me even having heard me continuing to
act like what he is an
abusive controlling despot as he was all these
years always feeling superior with
rights over me as if my life
belonged to him and not satisfied with that his
level of evil is such that he exposes it to the
entire world taking it out of context
editing this woman is crazy I don't believe
anything
Katie is Let's see it's a lot of trust  It does
n't give us any more, not strategically, to
cut out the parts that don't suit you and
make me look bad, me who have been the
victim all these years that I have been a
victim of your lies, your mistreatment, your
abuse, your abuse of power over me,
that now you left me on the street
enjoying making me look ridiculous,
not enough all the harm you have done to me
No, you are cruel, you never loved me even a
little bit, right? If you did
n't love me, why didn't you
tell me? Why weren't you honest
with me? Love ends, love is like
a little plant that if you don't water it, it dries up and
dies. That can happen. But why did you
make fun of me like that?
Why don't I know how to comment on this? The
truth is on the street, it's on the street, it's
on the street, it's on the street. Even though it
seems like a setup,
I have all the bank transactions,
so I can make everyone believe that it was me who
transferred it to you, it's not true. I didn't
make anyone believe it because I didn't have
the need to make anyone believe it,
this is false. You moved all the money to
your account, esc. Listen to me carefully,
Cather  I put on makeup I don't need makeup
because I handled all the money I don't
need
makeup many times the violence is not
seen that's why I wanted to bring you evidence
real genuine evidence evidence that is
even public any of
you can access it and see that it
is real it is evidence that no matter how much you
want to turn it around you will not be able to
refute because it is true because I do not
lie I do not lie
No I do not
lie and it frustrates me that you always have
everything if not to make me look like the
bad one when I suffered for so many years and I
have kept quiet for so long this is a
lie this is it
come on this
[Music]
performance the only time in all these
years that I called the police because I
was so exhausted And now it turns out that I
am the crazy one and yes of course I mean she
stops crying all at once and says And now it turns
out that I am the
crazy one that they act badly Of course I received it
reluctantly but what would you do
after you left me on the street m you
are not on the street you are in a
house and also you just said that you have been
living alone in that house for a month
and now you have been [ __ ] well you have been
July August September October November
or  be it's been like 5 months in
that house it's been like 5 months in that
house alone without the economy shared with
the other and you made fun of me all these
years you had a life the same cry man
that the same cry that in a millisecond
passes you made fun of me parallel with
several people there were so many deceptions
they were deceptions of all kinds you really
had a party with me but no more
no more now it's my turn to be happy
number one we can talk about the
disgusting level of bias in this video how
disappointing how disappointing and the
victim is always the man in question I do
n't know if they reached an
agreement in those weeks that they themselves
say they were talking I've been
insisting with
this man to talk since I was traveling I have no proof
but no doubts either Ah okay [ __ ] it
okay or so [ __ ] it believe me dude let's
see but what bias are you going to
complain about bias in the video
when you also had your
bias but it's not only that you
had your bias in your video
with 3 4 million views it's that you
could have also gone to that
interview and gotten  yours or here
Katy could have come too eh I mean she
could have gone wherever she wanted I
feel like this is in a Turkish soap opera
with this tremendous acting
fog I can't take a vice seriously with
so much pum someone is counting
the pum please Tommy adopts Katy she no longer
has a home but
but don't say it too loud because I can
see him capable eh little dog a kiss
however I ask you what do
you think given the facts and the
circumstances doesn't it seem very very
strange to you that the two of you are so allied never
ever but listen carefully you can never
draw a conclusion about how
a relationship of years of more than
10 years was based on a few minutes of
recording of a person who was
strategically planned
weeks ago and also advised by her
lawyer who told her to
secretly enter a house where she no longer lives
for more than a month What kind of
lawyer is that and decided to record everything
playing the meek sheep of the story and
not satisfied with that expose it to
public ridicule terg it smells like a montage to me
Javi can you believe
jot can you believe  what I was thinking
exactly the same thing this is
too much man this is too much this
has to be that they have it prepared by
both of them
man this they have prepared by both of them but
well prepared recording the
videos it can't be a montage because
of course it can't be it can't be a montage
because of the Tommy element it can't be a montage because of the
Tommy element we're talking about that
Tommy has been here and he has been in a
live debate I mean it's not about
saying the interview because the interview
you can lie but that he has been in a
live debate there you can't
lie So it can't be a montage it's not like that it's like that
the chick seeing the whole
reality and making me doubt my
sanity minute 532 she says that she received
a divorce suit from me while I was in
Venezuela that said that I wanted to
keep everything with the house the car the
brands the YouTube channels everything and the
divorce offer was that Kiry would
keep absolutely everything with the
house with the brands with k TV ky on the
ro how wrong we did to endure the bad
version of La rosa de Guadalupe
extreme grinche it's a little hard to
hear eh things as they are eh with
all the channels with the company  eh with
absolutely everything false completely
false the only thing that I sent him while I was
in Venezuela was a letter of summons
this letter of summons was asked in
a friendly way to initiate the first
approach in order to discuss a topic of
interest to him linked to a legal matter
entrusted to us by citizen
Cerine Angel Correira and thus
comply with the postulates of the law
of lawyers and the code of
ethics divorce lie see how he lies lies lies
even with what is
unnecessary to lie Oh that's why
they both lie, surely in things that I already said
eh true do you remember that he said that I do
n't work Javi I think that everything is
set up and they want to make money but it
's that they are not making [ __ ]
not until today what they have released
is her video yes 3 million Yes with
3 million views this type of
videos maybe so long I don't know if it
will be monetized with 3 million
views you can get 10,000
maybe I don't know
eh the rest has been done on the
Dallas Channel the guy who doesn't that this  no no no
I don't think it's a montage I don't know the
truth Let's see there are many elements
but for me the Tommy element, to me, let's see
how come they didn't pretend with Tommy
too and they deceived him too
that I don't produce income So
why are you asking for
alimony maintenance for life in the
divorce lawsuit
nothing let's
see it will put it somewhere somewhere
no let's see the red I don't see the word
alimi like that yes it puts it up to imoni imoni Well
then the guy asks for it wants his
allowance you don't say that you don't say that you're
asking to be supported for
life you asked for five types of alimony in
the divorce lawsuit aren't you ashamed
of being supported I already told you The goose that lays
the golden eggs is not there anymore it's not there no it's
been too much Now yes the guy
too the guy too will have his things
that he has ignored eh work your
time has come to work and really work
that video that hour and a half of video is
the clear example of how a narcissist
a narcissistic psychopath can
distort reality to such a level
that they can modify  the facts as he
pleases making him look like Little
Red Riding Hood in the story he wants
a salary at the cafe but apart from that how are you going to ask him for an allowance, I
mean eh if this is how it is the guy
also has a nerve eh I mean how are you going to
ask him for an allowance for life a
lemon you can't ask for a lemon
because you're getting divorced In any case,
divide what you have until
today no and each one their own way and Their
economy a lemon based on what if you
have a job and I don't know, make a
living and you like the wicked witch in the story
and no, I wasn't always that K in the video I
was also this one for real you don't have to
do anything you can't move damn I
forgot Stay looking at the
camera it's there Watch out for my hair Put your
arms there there
next accusation stronger and more I
don't understand why he put those two clicks what he meant with these two clicks the camera is there Watch out for my hair Put your arms there there next accusation stronger and more and more I don't understand why he put those two clicks
what he meant with these two
clicks the camera is there Watch out for
my hair Put your
arms there there
next accusation stronger and more and more
frowned upon in society is of being an
abuser of women I am not me
what did you say that I'm a brute  you
said I'm crazy you said I'm a
never Well yeah when I was that you
were already upset why Because you
found
some messages from me exactly Ah these audios would prove that he has said all those insults to her too eh the rosary around my neck that you started telling me that I'm useless that without you I can't do anything that I am one and that I hid in the closet in the room to
cry and to call my mom while you
called Ana and batuque you opened boxes and you
hit everything and you took things out
me crying
crying because you had
just broken the rosary around my neck
a rosary that meant too much
to me because emotionally
my grandmother connected me and you knew how hard
the whole relationship with her had been
Since she got sick we can stop
now and this is the case of many women
like me who have spent years and years
putting up with it silently they isolate them they
control them it's incredible your cunning to
look for weapons where there are none to
lie to look for allies that help you
distort reality and turn everything around
making you look like  the Hero and the
others are the bad ones, the ones who suffered
so much abuse for so many years, it doesn't
hurt you that you've done so many things and you don't
even ask for forgiveness, you're not even
capable of assuming your mistakes, much less
pir Forgiveness pum
pum let's see, I think there are a couple of
good toxins here
eh here are a couple of
powerful toxins eh another thing you say that it's
been more than a year since we were
officially separated, that we had
totally broken off our relationship, that the only thing
missing was the legal What's going on, I'm not
understanding So on one hand you say
that we had a year separated to be able to
justify all your infidelities this
time But on the other hand when you get me
the messages with Tommy you become a
beast in the gumen you start throwing
doors throwing things at the wall you
throw a light at the television You
pull the rosary from my neck you become a
furious beast in crisis and out of
control you write to Tommy threatening me you
threaten to call the police
because I was being unfaithful to you and
then you release a statement saying how
hurt you are, how hurt you
are You don't feel ashamed, you don't  that's what
dasas also told him, why the [ __ ]? I mean,
if you're rebuilding your life,
how are you going to claim anything from her,
much less from him, shame And you know what,
I feel happy that all of this is
happening like this, live and direct, without
filters so that you all can
know the truth behind a
narcissist. I want to take this opportunity to
clarify that the chats that you saw with
Tommy at the time of the hacking of my
tiktok account are absolutely
real, those slightly risqué messages
that you saw are real, we
met when my relationship was
broken, you can corroborate it with the dates
and although yes, I can't deny that it was
wrong because I would be legally married, I
think I would do it again because
knowing Tommy has been a blessing, watch out, Tommy,
watch out, Tommy there are
possibilities, he
says, especially without filters, we are
finding out about everything, without filters, eh, in a
completely natural way, listen to me, watch out,
Tommy, Tommy has to be Ah, right now, he's
getting out of his skin, Tomy Come and
watch a video with me, damn it, Tomy has to
be there right now, when he's getting out of my life,
meeting him was the starting point of  that
this whole nightmare would end Wait wait Wait wait Wait wait Wait wait Wait we're
here
swallowing the whole video and I haven't
said it I haven't said it I haven't said it I haven't said it I haven't
said it
tiir
tiririri tiriri
I'm seeing that there are a lot of people here
still watching the live who haven't
pressed the like button and the
subscribe button to the
live I want a big
Butterfly Effect right now I want a big
Butterfly Effect right now and that all of you who
are here right now pressed the
like button and the subscribe button
okay let's get to it eh if not we won't see it in
full So I'll do it again a
thousand more times I thank you
infinitely for putting it in my life and I
also thank you if you're
watching this
video Bravo I'm proud of you I
gave birth to you tomy I gave birth to you here on this channel
I gave birth to you
damn with a photo and everything he put you uncle
tomy this mce is what I was going to say I was going to
say this deserves a pinch I'm going to
say it Of course tomy even if it's just
you today This
deserves Bravo My Tomi like a champion
like a champion he did it my Tomi damn he's worked
hard he's
worked hard for this no Gro Eh This didn't come for
free this this has cost sacrifice
from my Tomi there in
full force this wasn't for the face this the
guy has been there Pick and shovel he
deserves it Bravo My Tomi Bravo My
Tomi
great great guys for being
present at every moment of this process and
this hard fight because I know that for
you it has been very
hard too So thank you thank you for not
letting me fall for
always supporting me even though we've never
met in person it means too much
to me ens haste Tommy is
self-centered because he said he was more
handsome than you I'm sorry but what is your
eyesight doesn't need glasses Of course
more handsome than you more handsome more
intelligent more of a gentleman more noble and
with a heart the size of the sky something
that you lack that tomy getting
dangerous
tonight That's my tomy That's my tomy there the
[ __ ] like I taught you to do it
listen to me important family what I
have to tell you right now
let's get serious  Let's get serious, okay, let's
get serious, important
announcement right now that I have to
tell you, okay.
Thanks
Frank, important announcement right now, okay. Are
you ready for what I'm going to
tell you? Thanks for
renewing.
Bear just posted a video. Bear just
posted a video responding to this. Okay, it
's 1:40. Tomorrow I have to get
up to train. I'm keeping a
schedule. I'm taking that schedule seriously. Okay, I'm keeping a
schedule. I
'm taking it seriously. So
since I owe it to my audience, since I owe it to
my people, I'm going to set a member goal
so that when we finish this video,
we'll go watch Bear's video.
Okay, what goal do we set? Let's see, tell me something
realistic. There are 2,500
people here. What member goal can we set? Let's see,
there are 2,500 people here. Okay,
tell me,
tell me a
member goal. 20,000, for example, there are 2,000. 2, I
think it would be good.
20,000. Tom, face rolling with laughter, face rolling with
laughter, face
rolling with laughter. Tomy.
Nao, this super chat  it's a
butterfly effect it's going to change your
life it just changed life Manuel Today
Tommy dunks the
churro Tommy you're more
handsome olé my Tomi I want him
for me too Ah Carlos don't get carried away
either gentlemen I'll repeat it again
2500 members while we watch
Katy's video
And then we watch the
bear's it's left
Clear it's in your hands okay it's in
your hands it's up to you you can
become members only For 90
cents a month you can give away members
five members c one tomy nas nas go go
Tommy e God Tommy e you can give away
members give away five members each
and we're even and we're there in no time
and all night long gossip I
in palmo to me I say in Palma he has
done for me without knowing me things that you have
n't done in more than 10 years of relationship
with me So before criticizing him use him
as an example to see if you learn a
little a little bit from what he has to spare
You know how degrading it has been for
me to have supported you all these months with
your testosterone treatment I would
inject you three  times a week that I
set alarms on my cell phone you brought a
sexologist doctor to the
house treatment to put
testosterone That's my tomy who brings
your testosterone and the dog's That's
my Tommy [ __ ] already tomy a round of applause for my
Tommy [ __ ] and you showed me
How to put these people they're going to take out
even the farts that they have thrown under
the sheets you
trianero trianero just gave away the
first five members of
Pilaro
Trianero families a huge kiss the whole chat a
round of applause for Trianero okay if we reach
2500 members while we're
watching the video we see Oso's response
okay it's in your hand you will
know the treatment and I was the one who
was waiting for you injecting yourself
giving you pills pills for your
balls my goodness bear there's no way to
fix this taking care of yourself and when it didn't
work what did I tell you calm down baby It's
okay don't pressure yourself it's going to be
when God
wants it mother of God
mother of God stay calm now with
this little fight stay calm
now with this little fight bear they'll
finish you off  to take out that they have the
balls a little weak
that you have to
do pieces with the
balls trigger seven today Tommy receives 10
videos and five photos come on Tomy come on
Tomy come on Tomy
[ __ ] Now my Tomi
[ __ ] let's see let's see we have to read the
egg treatment we have to read the
egg treatment don't push yourself it's going to
be when God wants damn man you did
n't fill the
relative my mother my mother tomy tomy
tomy has
arrived it's that now I'm understanding
the novel better Tom hag
ky's broken heart Angel be
look at the move you trust the move Of
course Katy tali a kiss Katy
needed Of course Katy needed
Tommy needed at least to
please himself with some chats at home there
was nothing at his house nothing but
pills and treatment for his balls it was just
impossible it was impossible at
home of course now I think now I
think that he must have chatted with
more people Of course I think this is
a fantasy how much gossip this week it is
a toxic relationship and in the end the two  they
are terrible Tommy saved her face
rolling around laughing of course he
saved her totally he saved her if he was at
home giving the other guy a pill for his
balls of course now we understand now it
makes sense he saved her completely come on there was
the girl who would say that you
could make love by telepathy
but come on but let's see if you're at
home injecting testosterone into your
relative because he doesn't get it at 30
years old Of
course the poor guy the poor guy lying about his
age and pretending to be
younger and everything else It only comes with love we
just have to keep working like we're
going my priority is you that you
feel this is very humiliating
this is very
humiliating this is very humiliating for a
bear eh
[Music]
Ugh months and months went by and it didn't work does
n't it hurt you to have used me so much to have
used me economically
intellectually
psychologically how are you capable of
saying in front of millions of people that you
were unfaithful since July
when so much evidence has been shown that it
all started before how are you so
cynical You and I are so different I
mean but let's see let's see because
here there is  a big move
eh I think that you guys are not
giving this the importance that it
really has
eh this guy sleeping bear versus
tomino I don't have enough for five members are
you confirmed with one come on okay one one
each come on give away one member each
because Also I think I'm going to
prohibit you from sending super chat because I don't
trust you guys what you can say right now
with the Super chat is that you
are not giving this the importance it
deserves I mean the thing is that tomy
was triggering with his wife but with
the maids the guy was a
bull with the maid with the maids don't
look at
notes what was happening to him is that he didn't
put the
woman on me I don't need to hide under the
arm of any creator to
defend myself or much less Look for a
clown to liven up the party I do
have the pants on I can
defend myself
you lie to everyone but you
can't lie to God he called
Dallas a clown while ago your
mask fell off And now you're starting to show
your true face so now
everyone knows no I'm not going to prohibit  super
chat what happens is that the bear was
hibernating it was it was winter
damn you have to understand it I'm going to ban
The Super chat eh members become
members and that's it
my goodness are you sure you don't want to see
his video in
response are you sure we want to see his
response my mother always
said so annoying woman that
danger I don't understand rating who are you
now yes everyone knows who you are and if
all this that is happening to me all this
Cross that I have been carrying for
months is going to serve as testimony to
help save lives so that you
learn to recognize warning signs and the
same thing doesn't happen to you Well then what a
blessing I accept it and I appreciate it father
thank you for using me as an instrument
because this is hard This is very
hard but it's okay I
accept it I accept it Oh and I promise that I'm going to
give the best of me And I know it's a
test Hahaha the
sleepy bear I'm going to ban The Super chat
eh I'm going to ban The Super chat I
said members if we reach 2500
members let's see because I think that in addition to
this story well, enough
members are the thing  short of
members eh if we reach 2500 members
we'll see the bear issue we'll see the
bear video
explaining the issue of the members it's very
difficult for me
but I'm going to give it my all father I
promise I also wanted to bring this
evidence because an artist like me with
the numbers that thank God I have
and not having realized everything he
was doing all this abuse all the
financial mistreatment having worked so much
these years now I'm seeing the
consequences
and it's very hard it's very hard So
detect the alarms in time and always
listen to your friends and your family
always maybe you don't know it But someone who has
been key in all this
has been Jenny my sister my my baby the
sister uploaded a video the sister and we didn't
see it it has been recommended to me 500
times the sister saw it and we haven't seen it you don't
know how grateful I am for having been
with me throughout this whole hard process I'm
telling you that we have cried together at
dawn we have gone days without eating it
looks incredible eh joli Thank you sweetheart
come on let's each give away
only one member and we'll arrive in one go and
watch it without sleeping
well we've had nightmares now we want
this war to end now Chama if it
weren't for you I don't know what would become of me right
now because it's been very hard and
you don't know what a blessing it's
been to have Jenny with me in these moments she's
been much more than a
sister been everything
everything I'm not going to allow them to stop ever again
family is the most beautiful thing there is
and mommy this is also with you forgive me
forgive me for not listening to you for
not listening to your warnings all
these years when he told me that he was
wrong that he was right from here and I didn't
listen to you to all my fans I want to
ask you from the heart that starting today
we wipe the slate clean and as much as possible let's leave the
hate aside we're not here for hate in
this difficult time we have to
support each other more than
ever I know that if God is making me
go through this it's for a reason it's to
make me stronger and I know it father I
know I can I mean but listen to me
the video is going to end
eh of course the video ends the video the
video is
that it's a 20 minute video I mean the
that or ole my leonia ole  all of you who
are giving away the video is that kid I mean
the video was basically going to be
a 3 hour video answering point
by point to
everything turned out to be a 20 minute video
and the response point by point to everything
that
bear said was basically a video
to expose that it can't be
lifted basically what he did
was counterattack saying that it can't be
lifted he didn't answer point by point
now then everything he put about the
Treasury of I don't know what I don't know how much those
are things that will have to be tested
because of
course
This is like this or it's not like this Or how it goes you
understand Because I don't know how they handle
the financial issue if the company
is in his parents' name How is it that the
Treasury comes to you in your name I mean there
are many things
no then of course the truth is that this
video was not what was
promised come on she didn't say it
Tommy told me it was a 3 hour video
answering point by point Put the
end part and who is on the right side of
history I can't
believe it I can't believe that he
made that cameo for us I can't believe it  what has
done to us is a wink these people are
taking out content This can't be a
reality the wounds that have left I
give you a tomy member I'll stop now I'll stop
Sorry now guys behave yourselves behave yourselves
nightmare every time
that camera turns on give them the best of me I know
I'm stronger than this and we will get through this
only justice and time
will tell Who is right and who is on the
right side of
history
nothing this is a this is a wink to
us man let's see I'm going to check Instagram
this is a wink to us I mean not
even dasas has had as much
fun with the pum as we have Javi
the video was actually 3 hours long
but after removing a total of 2
hours and 40 minutes of pure pum that was what was
left XD but the video in the
end has
been I mean the video in the end has basically
been him her saying that what what
the video in the end is eh
[ __ ] the video in the end is her
saying that the other is
impotent I mean there is no more he
cried more than me when I saw the
impossible a kiss
[Music]
jout no H no how
strong how
strong How are you his video lasts 19
minutes what do we do let's see it come on we'll
see it you are some t those [ __ ] but
come on we'll see it well first of all I
want to thank all the
people who have been there supporting me
who have been giving me words and who
have helped me get out of that situation where I do
n't like the bear but I do like Tommy and
that's you Hey but here the true
winner of the story has been Tommy
eh How how or so the video has been
her video has basically been to
say that that this one has
a treatment on his balls and that he doesn't get it
up but he only gets it up
with the girls with whom he cheats on
him
Of course but
nevertheless he also had a few minutes
with Tommy of course
Wow That has been the video you felt
emotionally that it has been very very
strong for me I want to thank you
with all my heart I also want to
thank with all my heart the fans
who quickly doubted all the
accusations that Katie made against me eh Because
obviously knowing me and seeing our
content for so many years there were
many  things that didn't fit them Okay I
also want to emphasize that I am not a
perfect human being I am an
ordinary normal human being who has
big dreams who is very very very
hard working yes I tell you very very
hard working you will find few
people who work as hard as me I am
a real fighter I have very big dreams
That is completely true I am a
person who loves to dream big
I know I have much more to say but
the first thing I want to tell you because and
excuse me for being
redundant is that never in my life have I mistreated
ky never ever in my life have I mistreated
Katie that is an accusation that is
nonsense I am going to get to what concerns me
in this video and then later on I am going to
make many more videos where I am going to
show you the truth about everything the truth about
everything absolutely everything the purpose of
this video is because I mean there are going to be more
videos This is an intro video Ana
Thank you very much I mean there are going to be more videos
the purpose of this is to give an intro
and it is going to be more video on the subject whatever
video it is this is content you
don't [ __ ] with me man this is content that I know
Kate is going to release a  video yesterday was going
to launch it surely launch it today
launch it tomorrow Ah so this is
previous Javi oso also released a
response video thanks Tala Well I think it's not a
response video I think it's a
video that Tati uploaded before a kiss I think
that this video was uploaded before
because here she is not responding to the
video as such d is going to take the Live that I
did with Dallas exposing a video of
her taking that Well at the end of this
post I'm going to place the video so you can
see it yourselves but where l ag
this video is going to react and She's going to
continue defaming the problem is not
that she defames only me the
biggest problem is that she continues to defame
anyone who is close to me I
mean she's going to continue defaming my
clients she's going to continue defaming my
work team she's going to continue defaming
anyone who has a relationship
with me and that bothers me even
more because they are people who
should not be involved like this should
never have been brought to public nor
should she have made accusations against me
that have no
justification Okay I'm going to tell you something K
because I know  that you're going to watch this video and I
hope they show it to you. Then I
warn you before your video in which you
want to continue with the defamation that
you have committed certain crimes. And if your
lawyers are so good, please
consult with them because my lawyer
in the United States is going to file a
complaint. Okay, number one, intercept
my communications, that is a crime.
Number two, I extracted those communications and you
shared those communications. Number
three, I extracted a private video of mine. You
know what video it is, that video is a
very, very serious crime, to extract it,
share that video.
eh,
we have already discussed this objectively.
Yes, objectively, yes, that then he
did it again with the videos of
the conversations between her and Tommy,
probably. Oh, thank you very much,
welcome.
Probably no, no, there is a cross-section of
federal crimes here. eh, it is an
even greater crime, it is a crime that carries a prison sentence
of years. Okay, I want you to
consult with your lawyer. You should
think things over before you do them. You
should control that anger that
accompanied us, that anger that accompanied us
throughout our relationship in which
you constantly disrespected me
and I told you that  I stopped you and said that the
only thing I asked of God is that you
respect me. We had everything to have the
perfect family, everything, but you never
respected me and you were breaking me little by
little, so unfortunately, there is no
turning back now. Okay, you committed
crimes and you are going to have to pay for that,
and not only you are going to pay for those
crimes. Okay, also all the people
involved who were your accomplices
are going to pay for that crime.
Anyone to whom you sent that
material is going to pay for that crime, whoever it
is. It doesn't matter if at this moment
they want to erase the evidence, it is no longer
erasable. You opened my WhatsApp in the
United States when I was not in the United
States, that is verifiable. And you
know what arrived in Venezuela a few days ago,
my computer arrived. Right now I am going to
analyze it here in a video, my computer,
which was where you committed all these
crimes and left all the
conversations exposed that it extracts. Do you
understand, I have so much to say, I could
tell you so
much, but I can't get it out of my
head that children follow us and And it's more
than 50%, in reality, it's like 80% that
follow us are children  I mean there are a lot of
things that no no
buah he's fat eh what Katy has done is
fat I was counting the pums and I lost
count face crying hard a kiss
Ana beautiful he's fat what Katy has done
is fat he's very very fat Well we're
talking about very we're talking about
very intimate videos also I'm going to
tell them here okay I'm going to leave you
attached the video that I put with Dallas in
several parts because that's how I
recorded it the video is not edited right now I
sent her to put the subtitles and Here
is the communication with my lawyer
where she tells me to record everything
she's the one who tells me to record everything I did not
record this video of my own free will I did
not do it That's why I did not do it because I was
going to go and play the saint So that you
mistreat me no I never needed that I
did it because my lawyer asked me to
thank God Okay and this video is not
from the first tudor man How's the
tudor thing going Look at the tudor you have become a
member time I went to the house this video
is from the second time I went  to the house
because the first time you treated me worse And I
also have it recorded on video Hello and
how are you Good morning this week I'm going
to the United States I think I'm going on
Wednesday Okay I'm going to be in the United
States so we can finalize all the
divorces not longer but just so you
know what month if I arrive on Wednesday
Thursday morning at 7 in the
morning I go to my house with a camera and everything
to take my personal things eh that
more than everything this having said that
When you see the video I want you to
realize that I warn her several times
that she's being recorded I
do this so that she'll stop because Kiry
always attacked me in this way
always lost control always
yelled at me always humiliated me it was a
constant in the relationship and I was like
a puppy that's already cornered in the house
chasing him all the time disrespecting me
Okay I never wanted to make this
public before because I felt bad and I
felt like she was degrading me as a man but
she has put me against the sword and the
wall with all the accusations she's
made especially accusations of abuse
and the accusations  of thief and
transfer I will also
prove them I will prove absolutely
everything also the cousins ​​of your sister's husband
who are the lawyers that you
placed on your social networks they
will also have to account if
they are part of something that has to do with
this or are part of the extortion that
they wanted to do to me with your Abusive
divorce offer that offer where you wanted to
keep everything with the houses with
the brands with the truck with the
company you wanted to keep everything
absolutely everything assuming the
debts that we had that does not even represent
a third of our capital
so really cynicism
has no limits excuse me you have to
understand that I feel bad Okay I'm
going out to be strong and fight that has to be
mit and Mitad period javito
How do I donate cheaper with a
cheaper VPN no Let's see you are going to donate the
same what you can do is
if you are from Argentina I don't know if it's
Argentina or Chile I don't remember Ivan
from which country if you are from I don't know which
country you can donate eh 50 members very
cheap that  It is what there is
now why Because I'm not going to
leave anyone because while I was
silent everyone attacked me they attacked me
like vultures and I'm going to tell you something there
is not a single person among all those who
attacked me that is worth it they are all
parasites and I'm going to
show you I'm going to show you
how they are parasites and I'm going to
show you How her mother and her sister
Never did anything for her when they
should have done when they themselves
suffered and were victims of
K's abuse well for the last time I
tell you excuse me for having to make
this public
Thank you videos recorded on
September 18 that prove Monday
September 18 entering my house to Dear
things Argentina if you put the VPN
from Argentina There you get well I think it
is 9 17 15 or something like that the 50
members if we don't reach 50,000
members today because you don't want
eh
Hello
good I greet you dad I also tell you
eh if you carry yes yes you are in this
plan yes  the situation at home if the
situation with her is like this you can't
enter the house even with keys, I
mean because in the end she could be 8
bucks 50 members 8 bucks 50 members
[ __ ] 8 out of every 50 members [ __ ]
from
Argentina [ __ ] [ __ ]
we're going to reach 3000
today you can't enter the house of
a person with whom you're already like this you can't
ring the
bell
[Music]
you can catch her in her
privacy looking for my things
still it can't be it's that
noch my God [ __ ] you took out more things
what are you doing Here What are you
doing until I take out all my
things Okay but yes it's my house I'm
sorry it's we don't have anything here house
when was the last time you paid for your house By the
way do me a favor expensive It's also
mine already handed over And if you're using it the
favor and what you have how do I know months
that you haven't paid the car pay since you're going to
use it pay Hey you're recording let me take
things out I'm what I'm recording you I mean
noen great great Where is
the recording you don't have to talk
to me  pay for the house and pay for the car please
great not really because
everything is going to be sold great Of course it's
going to be sold my love yes it is going to be sold
but pay for the things oe Don't be a
freeloader all your life pay for the things the
car pay for it pay the car insurance
because if not the car insurance will go away I
already paid it when did you pay it I already paid it you
paid it if I received a document here
that you hadn't paid it I have to
pay it with my own money Well we always
pay it with my own money because I
'm the one who earns money Sorry Yes that is the
biggest lie you've ever told of course all your
life talking about me
please Why did you take my things like that you
make it more difficult for me really do me a
favor and the next time you come at
least let me know we're going to be entering
the house without cash when the police catch me
no if you're not with her you can't anymore
Even if you paid for the house or
whatever your house is whatever you want but you
're not with her that crying is the most real I've ever
seen a kiss a kiss
Thank you very much  I mean you can't enter where
a person lives and you don't live even if it's
your house you can't enter with a key
you have to knock Hey or let them know you
understand but you can't be coming
and
going call the police
My God at least it's
really
difficult you respect me don't be hitting me
in the face if I don't go Call 9 LL 911
call him call him please
quickly
you are I mean by messing everything up You only
make it harder for me to get out not
easier
Hol It's
good that V called the
police
it's recorded on
video Come on but come on
[Music]
better
Hello how is my husband just entered the
house
and it's
recorded this is still my house it's still
my
house and he's talking behind my back it doesn't
fit either eh Let her call or rather him
too Look for conversation with her eh
Javi uses it's not Spain how do you occupy them
but I don't understand what you
mean by that but that you have to
respect that she is living there you are
not And if you are no longer together then you can't
enter and leave the house like
Pedro she can be naked she
can be with someone she can be
doing a thousand
things or whatever That's it you'll
agree on who gets to keep the house who
pays Who I don't know what but you have to
respect not
go in you understand I mean you knock and
pick up your things you understand me you ring the
bell and go in and pick up your things I've never
hit you in my life cim I've never
hit you in my life never in my
life apart from that he says I'm going to pick up my things
but what are you going to pick up if you go in Car
zone you don't have any boxes how are you going to
take them I mean I don't understand this much I
mean how is she going to pick up the things
when you go to pick up the things you put
the car back up against the door with the
trunk open no and you take a
few boxes there I understand in
box and you take them I mean I don't
understand the plan I'm going to take Cos he
leaves with a cell phone in his hand and it gets bitter and he
enters the house and he's picking up one
thing he walks around he picks up another thing and takes
another walk around the room he's not
picking up he's not
picking up this How crazy do you see it comes out
comes in but she's not doing
anything again for God's sake
poor thing she's talking to her don't
pay attention to her I mean Go get the things and if
the police come then talk you
understand my God what did they do
here otol what committed
against
Look this is the first time she grabs a
bag and she's going to put a pair of
pants in it No at this moment it hasn't
touched my house in
her I don't have to ask permission This is
my
house her office and at this moment I'm
talking to her answering what
she's talking on the phone javiel
said that supposedly he had warned
before going to record but in the video they
fight that he didn't warn to
enter reported before that's a lie he
's arguing with what she's
saying now he grabs a box he takes it
outside now what's he going to do I
wait for him to grab the
bag and he goes somewhere else Look he's not
picking anything up You see him He's not picking anything I mean
at that time I would have already
done pum pum pum pum pack pum pum
you're
carrying now he's coming for
many
years I'm going to hang up to call my
lawyer I told you to keep you away
from me What are you  doing What are you
doing with my things what are you
doing excuse me why are you doing
that excuse me What are you doing You
took my recording microphones not the
little ones I left them I took them
with you here I talked to you before leaving about the
iPhone ones right the iPhone
recording microphones that cost me 00 Which ones are for
recording I don't have any recording yours YouTube
no in the already the iPhone ones are the
only ones we had the ones in the little box the
others I don't know what others that I bought 25 years ago
25 years ago approximately 5 years ago you ca
n't hear anymore
those microphones are
television microphones that I use for you no I don't know I don't
have them no it's true the equipment
there the can
is did
n't attack me It's that I don't understand what
he's doing in the house really is that
no he's not
picking up or mean what was he doing now in the
bathroom grabbing a box opening it downstairs and he
hasn't finished picking up the room
is that he's not
picking up the room you know what the worst thing was I
told you everything without yelling at you because I don't
need to I told you everything without yelling
she tells you the ones that  They scream are the brutes
like you who are not
right What I want the least is life,
thank God you haven't touched me in a
long time because what have you thank God
And I tell you something, don't you ever
talk to me like that again in your [ __ ] life or respect
respect because I'm worth too much to
you Don't you ever talk to me like that again in your
[ __ ] life if someone gives me pu it's you it
's not the other way around it's not the other way around okay No no
yes it's that he says don't touch me again
because you give me don't eat you little man
[ __ ] So much woman didn't you [ __ ] your wife, she's
not too much for you Yeah that's what you
think I'm too much for you in fact he's
such a little man that I gave him my whole
life I gave him my whole life and he's
incapable of apologizing he should
kneel down and ask me for forgiveness for the
garbage that he is no I authorize this recording
So I don't know what you're going to do with it
anyway everything I say Here is true
period and it can be proven but I
have the proof but don't worry you're going
to keep
taking out no no they're my things
also my recording equipment sea  What
happens you come from the neighborhood I saw
sweeping steal
my
camera
look look she
's not
yelling at me Enough is true, exhausting you are
like this you were all your life how
exhausting I am not
one Hello good afternoon How are you Hello
Good afternoon two balls what is taken
two balls from
Mercadona boss everything is recorded my
lawyer sent me to record everything
two bags from Mercadona is
taken thanks Maximiliano a round of
applause we are in divorce look for things
Say what is happening aggressive brother
I was three months out of Venezuela this
we are getting divorced he blocked me he doesn't want to
talk to me he wants to keep everything
with the house with everything in Venezuela he
picked me up with some lawyers my lawyers
are aware of everything so that I would sign
a Look, I was recording that's why we are
in all this she told me that they
tried to make me sign a paper
for you know to renounce my rights
to my house to my brands I made her
personal brand I am an
artistic developer she is an artist you are
legally married legally
married Americans Yes and we are both
Americans Here we also do not have Sid we have been
married for 8 years seeing here
how long we have been here since 2019
since 2019 so when you come back What
happens when I come back I meet with
my lawyer because in Venezuela they
wanted to put me they wanted to mention
that I had to sign eh Because of the
debts we had and I don't know what and I didn't
tell her that that has nothing to do with it I
came here I lost communication with
her my lawyer told me come in and take
out your things from your office take out your
personal things that AC is my office I entered
here to the office that was No, I came
once before But obviously I couldn't
take out almost anything I collect figures
so some figures and now I came back
but he's doing a show he's doing
a show the police call I know that he went to
pick up some figures or I mean he's
gone before and he picked up a figure it's that
the type of what is not
adding up to me right you that it could be that that that that he is
not very agile The kid I don't
know why he does this but what he's
giving
me Javi wants me to arrive with a
moving truck man of course let's see if
you are in this situation and you are
separating the first thing you take all
your  clothes, so the logical thing is that you go
with someone, with a friend, with a brother
or whatever, eh, and and you go with a
few boxes and fill the boxes to the
brim, boom, boom, and load the car to the brim.
Hey, you can't take everything and
you have to come back another day. Hey, look, I
flew the other day, but you went one
day for a few figures and now
you come in another day and you start
turning around, you take a box, you put it in the
hallway, now you take a bag and you throw
three things in it, now you take a bag and you throw
three microphones. Whatever, it doesn't
have one. No, no, it doesn't seem to me. It seems to me
that it's being a farce, I mean, it does
n't make much sense, or or or if
this isn't content, he went to
record her, he went to bother her and to
record her too, you understand, he went
to
record her, he went to record her. It's that no, I do
n't see the point in you coming into
the house and starting to go crazy up and
down and not do anything. It's that he hasn't
done nothing free you take The
situation is like this pick up everything at once and
shoot and never come back it will be
fixed
eh It will be fixed She will give you what she has to
give you or you give her you can
agree on who gets to stay in the apartment
But you won't go into the apartment anymore you won't
go into the house where your
wife is now ex-wife you can't go in you don't
live there no you haven't been with her
for a month no but it's mine well
well when right now you
're no longer together now we'll have to
legally settle who gets the house if it's
sold you split the money but right now
she's living there and you don't you can't go in you can't go in
no
I have the key I come in and out and if
she feels like having sex in the
house What's going on no it doesn't matter that it's
her house let's see it doesn't matter that it
's her house dude my father can
be paying for a house and it's his and
my father pays for it and if I'm living
there my father can't be coming in and
out it doesn't make sense what  you
're saying eh what you're
saying is her house her house that we're not going to
see it's her house she can't tell
him not to pick up his things
she can't forbid him but at
least ring the
bell At least ring the
bell no no no I don't know I think
this was to record her
eh next for some problem
police problem
pres
but I'm almost done with anything say I'm
almost done with
anything I'm almost done with anything says the
guy and he took two
bags he took two bags of
garbage I'm not leaving I'm not
leaving because I don't understand the videos of
either of them
eh I don't understand the videos of either
of them I'm really telling you neither of
one nor the
other I think that both have realized
what kind of people they are but they are
in the toxic phase of neither eat nor let
eat and they will continue like this until
something happens to one of the two be it criminal
or personal very sad
everything let's see we have to see the video of
File Z the first thing is the figure of
Mickey and Donald Duck haha ​​man what does he
say I have not entered  the other day I came and I
took some figures or rather How many
how much do I trust you Are you going to take the
things that don't add up to me? Guys Hey,
I have it pending but of course I didn't
count on this okay tomorrow we'll see it, I have
the Soul video pending
okay go over there put it in the chat
that you're coming from me okay And tomorrow we'll see it
Us man it's 2:30 it
's 2:30 it's getting really
late okay guys I'll leave the
live here and tomorrow we'll watch this video tomorrow we'll
watch this video in the afternoon or whatever
okay maybe what I'll do is
connect in the afternoon to watch it or I'll
meet up with Soul to discuss it later or
something like that but it's already
2:30 2:30 no more guys huge kisses
huge kisses see you tomorrow okay there's a
video on the main channel go to the
video on the Main Channel Javi Oliveira
everyone who's here
spread more gossip Javi Oliveira
everyone Look at the thumbnail How pretty Look
Look Javi Oliveira everyone run
over there  We just uploaded a video and it's
hot, hot, hot, hot, go
running over there, give it a like and
subscribe to Jabi Oliveira, see you family.
Rest well,
kisses.